feat: simple http server (#1)
omatheuso/ajp-medical-clinic: README.md

# Ambush Journey Program - CLI Medical Clinic

## Running the program

> To run the program, open the project directory and simply run the following command in the terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute the program, navigate to the project directory and enter the following command in the terminal:
```
